>> Mike North: When we're
thinking about key bindings,
so don't go nuts with key bindings.
It's better to be able to sort of
interchange with other developers.
If you have a pair program,
which you should,
it is good to sort of have
a standard set up and
not to have something when people sit down
at your machine it's mind-boggling, right?
Same reason you wanna have
a standard keyboard instead of some.
I had a developer friend, that looked
like two bowls that he would type in.
I could never get used to that, and
so I could never use his machine.
You can bring in key maps which are,
there's one for vim, one for
sublime, one for Adam, one for IntelliJ.
And if you're coming to Visual Studio
code, having already familiarized yourself
with one of those other editors,
you can just find one of those.
So let's open up this
extension marketplace.
If you paste that string in here we can
see like here are all of the different
key maps that you can install.
That's a good starting point.
So basic customizations,
you wanna perform in the nice keyboard
shortcuts UI, which looks like this.
Sorry that is help,
I'll just use my keystrokes here.
So a really nice UI here where
you can sort through and
look through, there's a huge array
of different preset keystrokes.
You should be able to do
most of what you need here.
One thing I wanna point
out is this when column,
that has to do with context, right.
So this is saying the editor has focus and
it is not in read only mode, only
then can we add a comment line, right?
>> Mike North: So
if your needs are not met by what you see
there, if you find there's some action
that you wanna bind a key to it, and
for some reason that UI doesn't work.
keybindings.json gives you
kind of arbitrary control.
And you would add little things like this,
a key, a command, and a when.
If you're going to keybindings.json.
You are customizing more than I would.
Because you're sort of in no
man's land at that point.